test: add readme and make target for running with UI (#399)
dhis2-sre/im-web-client: e2e/README.md

# Introduction
Our E2E tests are based on the Playwright framework.

We're using the environment variables defined in .env as the rest of the application.

> Most noticeable `USER_EMAIL`, `USER_PASSWORD` and `HOST?` needs to be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most noticeable `USER_EMAIL`, `USER_PASSWORD` and `API_URL` needs to be configured.
```
